This is not an ordinary film,
I am about 20 minutes from the boat back to the boat.
But I am currently on a hill in the town of Ilulissat, Greenland.
And John, who works for Greenland Post,
There is also my translation Jakob, who is still holding my microphone in his jacket!
And the reason we came here is because this is the whole town.
Or the only microwave relay station north of the town.
And John is willing to answer a few questions.
Hey, this is a bit rough movie!
"The biggest packet that can be transmitted here is about 4 megabits."
What is the upload speed here?
"Well, about 0.7 megabits per second,
So it takes a long time to upload anything.
There is a sight from the south to here.
Along the mountains, all the way north
So we should actually be able to see another relay tower. "
Where is the next relay station?
(Greenlandic)
"Ah, I know,
The next relay station is located here about 40 kilometers south of the Kasig River Gite.
This link is constantly,
But of course there may be some obstacles. "
(Greenlandic)
"There are actually interesting stories in the neighboring towns.
Although it is only 8 kilometers away from here, it is blocked by a huge iceberg.
So they didn't receive the internet this summer.
But if there is a relay station in the south that is powered off,
We may also break the network here.
So one day before, there was no internet all day.
It should be because the relay battery below is broken.
If a relay station in the south breaks down, there is no signal in all places north. "
(Greenlandic)
"They can't pull the submarine cable through here because of the big icebergs,
They dig all the way to the bottom of the sea, so next year
They want to update the entire system,
To lay a submarine cable from Nuuk all the way
Go to Asiatic, about 120 kilometers in that direction.
Then they will upgrade these base stations to provide high-speed transmission.
Go to Umanek all the time. "
(Greenlandic)
"In winter, these antennas will be covered with ice and snow.
Then they got it, oh..."
John, thank you very much!
Jakob thank you for helping me with the microphone!
"You're welcome."
This is not a normal movie.
Let me turn the lens right,
much better!
This is really not the kind of film I usually do.
Thank you Jakob, when he heard that I was coming here,
Email me and ask if I want to shoot.
Thank you! "You're welcome."
Let me move the camera again, much better.
thank you very much!
Great!
I am at Chris Hardfield's Arctic Generator Project, and he is here too!
My name is Tim Kellner and my YouTube channel is Tim to the Wild.
I make a short film of the movie type.
Go see their channel, and everyone in the project!